docs: update 4.5 RN test (#4282)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/release-notes.md

#### Deprecations and Removals

- The [cluster group](../clusters/cluster-groups/cluster-groups.md), Beehive, will be sunset on November 9, 2024. As of

>   this release, you are no longer able to deploy any new virtual clusters into Beehive. If you are using Palette SaaS

Reviewer: I would put release number here, so the user doesn't have to scroll up to see which version we are referring to.

> - The [cluster group](../clusters/cluster-groups/cluster-groups.md), Beehive, will be sunset on November 9, 2024. As of
>   this release, you are no longer able to deploy any new virtual clusters into Beehive. If you are using Palette SaaS

Author: ```suggestion
- The [cluster group](../clusters/cluster-groups/cluster-groups.md), Beehive, will be sunset on November 9, 2024. As of
  the 4.5.0 release, you are no longer able to deploy any new virtual clusters into Beehive. If you are using Palette SaaS
```
